Albert Einstein reportedly said,
"It's not that I'm so smart,
it's just that I stay with problems longer."
Your drive to stick with things and see them
through in a large part will determine your success,
not just with this Nanodegree program,
but in your job, and in your life.
Our goal at Udacity is to ensure that you meet your goals.,
so we're here to help you learn like Einstein
did to tackle challenges and persevere through them.
Our students come from all walks of life,
and their goals are as varied and different as they are.
But whatever your personal goals are, we have content,
resources, and support mechanisms to make sure that you reach them.
If you're stuck, or even if you just fancy saying hello,
remember that your community is here for you.
Students, mentors, and Udacity staff in your network are all cheering you on,
and want to help you learn as much as you can